OSDOCS#4440: Adding a CA bundle (#64649)
openshift/openshift-docs: microshift_install/microshift-embed-in-rpm-ostree.adoc

include::modules/microshift-adding-service-to-blueprint.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

include::modules/microshift-ca-adding-bundle.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

include::modules/microshift-ca-adding-bundle-ostree.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

[role="_additional-resources"]
[id="additional-resources_microshift-add-cert-bundle"]
.Additional resources

> * xref:../microshift_install/microshift-embed-in-rpm-ostree.adoc#microshift-creating-ostree-iso_microshift-embed-in-rpm-ostree[Creating the RHEL for Edge image]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* xref:../microshift_install/microshift-embed-in-rpm-ostree.adoc#microshift-creating-ostree-iso_microshift-embed-in-rpm-ostree[Creating the {op-system-ostree} image]
```
